- **(Value = 1)	E_ERROR**	Fatal run-time errors. Errors that cannot be recovered from. Execution of the script is halted
- **(Value = 2)	E_WARNING**	Run-time warnings (non-fatal errors). Execution of the script is not halted
- **(Value = 4)	E_PARSE**	Compile-time parse errors. Parse errors should only be generated by the parser
- **(Value = 8)	E_NOTICE**	Run-time notices. The script found something that might be an error, but could also happen when running a script normally
- **(Value = 16)	E_CORE_ERROR**	Fatal errors at PHP startup. This is like E_ERROR, except it is generated by the core of PHP
- **(Value = 32)	E_CORE_WARNING**	Non-fatal errors at PHP startup. This is like E_WARNING, except it is generated by the core of PHP
- **(Value = 64)	E_COMPILE_ERROR**	Fatal compile-time errors. This is like E_ERROR, except it is generated by the Zend Scripting Engine
- **(Value = 128)	E_COMPILE_WARNING**	Non-fatal compile-time errors. This is like E_WARNING, except it is generated by the Zend Scripting Engine
- **(Value = 256)	E_USER_ERROR**	Fatal user-generated error. This is like E_ERROR, except it is generated in PHP code by using the PHP function trigger_error()
- **(Value = 512)	E_USER_WARNING**	Non-fatal user-generated warning. This is like E_WARNING, except it is generated in PHP code by using the PHP function trigger_error()
- **(Value = 1024)	E_USER_NOTICE**	User-generated notice. This is like E_NOTICE, except it is generated in PHP code by using the PHP function trigger_error()
- **(Value = 2048)	E_STRICT**	Enable to have PHP suggest changes to your code which will ensure the best interoperability and forward compatibility of your code (Since PHP 5 but not included in E_ALL until PHP 5.4)
- **(Value = 4096)	E_RECOVERABLE_ERROR** Catchable fatal error. Indicates that a probably dangerous error occurred, but did not leave the Engine in an unstable state. If the error is not caught by a user defined handle, the application aborts as it was an E_ERROR (Since PHP 5.2)
- **(Value = 8192)	E_DEPRECATED**	Run-time notices. Enable this to receive warnings about code that will not work in future versions (Since PHP 5.3)
- **(Value = 16384)	E_USER_DEPRECATED**	User-generated warning message. This is like E_DEPRECATED, except it is generated in PHP code by using the PHP function trigger_error() (Since PHP 5.3)
- **(Value = 32767)	E_ALL**	Enable all PHP errors and warnings (except E_STRICT in versions < 5.4)